content/blog/v1.0.10/index.md, before:

---
title: "Version 1.0.10"
date: "2021-03-23T22:12:03.284Z"
description: "Colored maps, Custom Trophies, Trophy Tabs, Change Log Screen"
---

## New Additions
- Colored maps for Timberwolf Mountain, Ash Canyon, and Hushed River Valley
- Custom Trophies
- Trophy Tabs  to hide completed trophies
- New Change Log Screen
- Other various improvements

## What's Next? 
1. Transition Zone Maps (Ravine, Crumbling Highway, etc.)
1. Remove Ads Option
1. Items
1. Journal

I've created a short (~3 minute) to guage interest on a few things. 

[Take the Survey!](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeHVUMfiYsybNZMK3viHRDdNWo4OaHUk8rjsks8RffTpkqvvQ/viewform?usp=sf_link)

## Notes

There has been a few questions about adding/removing layers from the maps, such as, only showing wolfs areas or hide other things. Unfortunately, this won't be possible right now. I'm using the maps directly from [this forum post](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1901570789). These maps are amazing, but they are just flat images. This idea is very good and is typical in most map applications. I will continue to think about this and try to figure out how this could work.


## Thank You
This has been such an exciting project for me and I am so excited to have support from the community. Thank you all.

Commit message:

Added note about county/region issue

content/blog/v1.0.10/index.md, after:

---
title: "Version 1.0.10"
date: "2021-03-23T22:12:03.284Z"
description: "Colored maps, Custom Trophies, Trophy Tabs, Change Log Screen"
---

## New Additions
- Colored maps for Timberwolf Mountain, Ash Canyon, and Hushed River Valley
- Custom Trophies
- Trophy Tabs  to hide completed trophies
- New Change Log Screen
- Other various improvements

## What's Next? 
1. Transition Zone Maps (Ravine, Crumbling Highway, etc.)
1. Remove Ads Option
1. Items
1. Journal

I've created a short (~2-3 minute) to guage interest on a few things. 

[Take the Survey!](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeHVUMfiYsybNZMK3viHRDdNWo4OaHUk8rjsks8RffTpkqvvQ/viewform?usp=sf_link)

## Notes

There should be no more issues installing to any region/country with the app. I have seen that people are able to install from countries that could not previously. 

There has been a few questions about adding/removing layers from the maps, such as, only showing wolfs areas or hide other things. Unfortunately, this won't be possible right now. I'm using the maps directly from [this forum post](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1901570789). These maps are amazing, but they are just flat images. This idea is very good and is typical in most map applications. I will continue to think about this and try to figure out how this could work.


## Thank You
This has been such an exciting project for me and I am so excited to have support from the community. Thank you all.
